# www.goodinternet.org

This branch (`gh-pages`) contains the documentation site and CMS Manual for the IoGT project. This site is built using Jekyll, a static site generator. GitHub Pages supports Jekyll sites out-of-the-box, with no special configuration necessary. Read more about GitHub Pages [here](https://pages.github.com).

## Project Structure

The project is organized into several folders:

- `data/` - Contains structured data that is presented throughout the site
- `_includes` - HTML snippets that can be included modularly throughout the site
- `_layouts` - HTML page templates
- `_pages` - Where non-blog posts are stored. The CMS Manual is stored here
- `_posts` - Where blog posts are stored. We do not use blog posts so this directory is empty
- `_sass` - Where SCSS and CSS styles (typically from 3rd-party libraries such as Bootstrap) go. These are static assets and not processed by Jekyll beyond compilation of SCSS.
- `assets/css` - Where custom CSS and SCSS go. These files are processed by Jekyll (so Liquid tags and filters can be used). SCSS files are automatically compiled by Jekyll.
- `assets/img` - Images go here
  
There are also several root-level files that are important:
- `_config.yml` - Jekyll's configuration file
- `404.md` - This page will be served in place of a standard 404 error page
- `CNAME` - Custom domain name registration. _**Do not edit this file.**_
- `Gemfile` - A list of plugins installed by Ruby used in Jekyll. Comparable to Python's `requirements.txt` and NodeJS's `package.json`
- `index.md` - The homepage. The content of this page is created from `_layouts/home.html`