#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
bleach==4.1.0
    # via wagtail-markdown
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via rq
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   http-ece
    #   py-vapid
    #   pyjwt
    #   pywebpush
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via cairosvg
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   python3-openid
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-comments-xtd
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-translation-manager
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   jsonfield
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtailmedia
django-allauth==0.54.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
django-cogwheels==0.3
    # via wagtailmenus
django-comments-xtd==2.9.13
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compressor==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via django-comments-xtd
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-health-check==3.16.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
django-modelcluster==6.3
    # via wagtail
django-notifications-hq==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rq==2.4.1
    # via django-translation-manager
django-sass-processor==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==2.1.0
    # via wagtail
django-translation-manager==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via wagtail
django-webpush==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-comments-xtd
    #   django-translation-manager
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via django-comments-xtd
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
html5lib==1.1
    # via wagtail
http-ece==1.2.0
    # via pywebpush
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
libsass==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.6
    # via wagtail-markdown
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via tablib
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   drf-yasg
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   wagtail
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   django-translation-manager
    #   wagtail-localize
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
py-vapid==1.9.1
    # via pywebpush
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-comments-xtd
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   l18n
pywebpush==1.9.4
    # via django-webpush
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-yasg
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-translation-manager
    #   pywebpush
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-generic-chooser
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
rq==1.16.2
    # via django-rq
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-comments-xtd
    #   django-compressor
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   libsass
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
swapper==1.4.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.6.1
    # via wagtail
telepath==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   wagtail-localize
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
wagtail==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-cache
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtail-markdown
    #   wagtailmedia
wagtail-cache==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-generic-chooser==0.5.1
    # via wagtailsvg
wagtail-localize==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-markdown==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-transfer @ https://github.com/IDEMSInternational/wagtail-transfer/archive/52b57b364ebc9acddd412ee708f829b45763c9ab.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmedia==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmenus==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailsvg==0.0.37
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
willow==1.4.1
    # via wagtail
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
